Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Don't have to worry about writing stuff down.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, okay. So why don't we start with volunteers?
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see Mircha volunteer to go first, then, Valeria. Anyone else who wants to volunteer or get in the queue. Jump in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Marsha, you can go first.
Mircea Gogoncea: So much for accommodating, I will record. I will watch the recording for valuable suggestions from others after okay, so I do pitch. Video. QA. I'm trying to kick off meetings with potential investors. And that's it. Do you need more information at this stage?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, so typically, your pitch has a objective that is more specific than I'm trying to get investment. Everybody wants investment. But you gotta be more specific. How you know I'm trying to intrigue them with the size of the market. I'm trying to show them that we have unique traction. I'm trying. I don't know what it is for you. But what is it for you? What is your objective.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm trying to intrigue them with the sector that they've probably never thought about music managers and live music. I doubt everybody's ever thought about this, and we show them that it's actually quite possible to make a good profit in there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright!
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: alright. The average Us. Musician earns only $20,000 a year. So how did Taylor Swift earn a billion dollars on her latest tour. Well, most musicians are not great business people. That's why they hire managers and cicada partners with managers to make more money for artists.
Mircea Gogoncea: We do this by focusing on the live concert experience, which is already the most profitable part of the industry. Before Cicada concert revenue could only come from tickets, and the old school. Merch, booth, and Merch is a logistical nightmare. Cicada unlocks 6 new revenue streams at every gig. These include paid dedications, custom merch on demand for every fan and synchronized calls to action activated by the music itself.
Mircea Gogoncea: Since January, Cicada has been used by over 40 acts in 12 countries, which makes perfect sense because we built it for ourselves. We, the founders, are professional musicians and highly technical people, and we believe that the next Taylor Swift will use Cicada to earn her first 1 billion dollars.
Mircea Gogoncea: In fact, some of you are using cicada right now if you scan the QR code behind me, here's how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, how are we on time?
Lilliana Robinson: 103.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. So we're pretty close. You were talking really fast. You're gonna have to figure out how to how to. Maybe not necessarily talk quite so fast. So a subtle little little thing. At 1 point you said so. How does it work? You? Said Cicada partners.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And you started going, and I thought that cicada partners was your name.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know how many things are like math, venture partners, or whatever. And so it took me a while
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to pick up on that. Oh, cicada
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: partners with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so I got like all flustered. So I don't know if other people, if that would happen. But be careful when you do that stuff. So you could say we partner with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or our our business partners with. It's just a subtle thing, but it really makes a difference in how I perceive it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So I think I get it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: do you have any data? So you said you've gone. So with ported 40 bands in 12 countries.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Do you have any data on how many?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: How many audience members? How many consumers have actually engaged with you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: how much money has been made, how much like. So the the thing that was impressive about music, audience exchange was that when they would do their texting thing at at a concert. They'd get like 75 80% of the people to give the sponsoring brand the right to text them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: which was amazing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Do you have any data like that?
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, we have some. It's not super impressive yet, though. So we have probably around 1,100 unique visitors, total of, for on the audience side. People who have scanned the QR codes. But we don't know what percentage that is of the audience, because we don't have exact audience numbers on all of them, but that is, you know, in the thousands. The total Gmv is also not huge. It's about 3.6,000 dollars since we started.
Mircea Gogoncea: and was the profit. The what we've calculated so far, based on our estimate and the total number of of listeners at these concerts is about $3.8 in extra direct extra revenue per fan. And I am actually the most successful user of cicada. Because I've actually increased my personal live music revenue by something like 23%.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right. So why don't you say that?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Why don't you say? And as one of the first users as a data, I've increased my revenue by 2030, by over.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: by almost 25%.
Mircea Gogoncea: So we were just thinking about this yesterday, Mark and I, my co-founder, who's also in this call, and we were wondering whether we should do it. The the reason why I didn't do it in this pitch, but I'm happy to put it back in is that I feel like it might be limiting like, yes, I've achieved this, but you know, we actually think that it's possible to maybe 2 x 3 x 5 x revenue for.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So maybe you do that in the QA. Then so maybe in the QA. Someone says, Well, how much can we actually make. And you say, Oh, well, you know, I'm one of the first users I've I've increased my revenue per show by 25. But that's just the beginning. We're just getting started. We think it's going to be 2 x 3 x 5 x that much.
Mircea Gogoncea: We do have that in the QA. Actually. So you think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: To put it in the pitch. Then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, no, you could, one or the other.
Mircea Gogoncea: Right alright to put the increase that I've experienced in the pitch. That that's what I meant. Sorry that wasn't clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, it's up to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but you can.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I was so I was impressed. So this is the first time I've heard you clearly articulate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and maybe I missed it before, but clearly articulate this piece about having having 6 new revenue streams.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so you know, what are the 6? By the way.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So it's paid. Thank you. Notes, basically a way for the listeners to support the musician. And send them a message. It's I should probably have them memorize better. It's a paid dedications and paid song requests custom, infinite merch on demand for every fan without having to bring it to the store.
Mircea Gogoncea: Other concert related services like Perks, and vip access. So basically, we allow musicians to sell those things at concerts. Using our product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, I think it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it was pretty good. Again there was a little wording change. I I don't know that I would change a lot at this point. And, by the way, I'm not, gonna
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: my feeling is that if your pitch is pretty good you should work on delivery and timing and refining at this point. I don't want to mess people up by having them like Redo their entire pitch 3 days before the pitch like you'll get. You're better off delivering a great pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Having a great delivery because people are. Gonna think about
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: your presence and how you speak and how like that's going to come through really clearly as much as what your actual words are. I mean, your words have to make sense. You're telling a story, but.
Mircea Gogoncea: Is there anything I could do at this point to make it from pretty good to very good, or to exceptional.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We have time. Say it one more time.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, alright. The average Us. Musician only earns $20,000 a year. So how did Taylor Swift earn a billion dollars on her latest store.
Mircea Gogoncea: Well, most musicians who are not Taylor Swift are not great business people. That's why they hire managers. We help managers make more money for their artists, and we do this by focusing on the live concert experience, which is already the most profitable part of the industry. Before cicada concert revenue could only come from tickets and merch
Mircea Gogoncea: and old school. Merch is a logistical nightmare. Cicada unlocks 6 new revenue streams at every gig. These include things like paid dedications, custom merge on demand for every fan and synchronize calls to action activated by the music itself.
Mircea Gogoncea: Since January, cicada has been used by over 40 acts in 12 countries, which makes sense because we built it for ourselves. The founders are professional musicians and highly technical people. In fact, I am an early customer as well, and I've increased my revenue by 23% by using cicada. Here's how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's pretty good. I really do. I don't know that I would. There's nothing that's hitting me that like. Oh, my God! He didn't say that, or, Oh, my God, I mean, other people may have some input, but I think you're on a good path. I am totally comfortable with that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think you should roll with it. Make it better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright! Who's next.
valeria brenner: I am.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Valerie, let's go.
valeria brenner: Us, so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would rea.
valeria brenner: Malaria. I think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Malaria.
valeria brenner: And then it sticks. Think the disease but with a V, and then it sticks
valeria brenner: malaria, malaria.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That sounds like an episode of Seinfeld to me.
valeria brenner: Okay. But I'm doing the video first. And the objective of the video is to show the opportunity, the problem, the solution and then start teasing at traction, then, the pitch which my objectives are to show the market size, the value, proposition, or traction, and like what our next steps are, and then I'm doing QA. So just to get right into it. There are over 200 million small businesses, artists, makers, and thrift shops selling on Instagram.
valeria brenner: Many of these are run by a single person as a passion project or a side hustle, and as they grow, shipping becomes this miserable chore, taking more and more time away from the fun parts of their business
valeria brenner: ship is here to change that. We've reduced the average shipping time for Instagram sellers by up to 75% a value. Add that's already attracted over 1,800 users and helped to sell nearly $300,000 in shipping labels last year.
valeria brenner: moving forward. We want to keep automating and simplifying the process. That's why we're launching thrift ship 2.0 next week with the goal of making shipping as easy and error free as possible.
valeria brenner: with the roadmap full of new features. We're set to help our users grow even more.
valeria brenner: Our vision is to support businesses across all social media platforms and help them spend more time on the fun parts of their business and less on shipping.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Here's the so I think it's pretty good. And we you and I've talked about this a little bit. But here's the gap that I have this like selling on social media
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and like, how is that different than anybody else like? Why aren't you doing shipping for shopify sites? And why aren't you doing shipping for like? What makes this social media part different.
valeria brenner: I kinda go into it in the video cause I used to sell on social media. And so I talk about how all customer transactions are done through dms. So customers are just texting you their address. And so it becomes a very manual process for these small businesses, where they're copying over each address, which is incredibly time consuming and error prone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so your real value prop
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is, let me guess is that your software can either screen, scrape or whatever it's going to pull in the DM information and automatically populate stuff to automate shipping.
valeria brenner: Yeah, it's a shipping form that they send to customers, actually, or they put it in their bio.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then customers fill out the shipping form, and that's valuable for social media because you don't have a Crm. You don't have an order. You don't have a database behind it.
valeria brenner: Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what if you explain that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you were? And you don't necessarily, when you say a shipping form, it sounds simple. What if you were to say something like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we take the unstructured process
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: of people dming back and forth with addresses and zip codes and typos
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and turning it, putting a database behind, because you have a database in your in your system and putting a database behind those social media accounts so they can actually capture the data
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: properly store it and have a have a proper Crm, you know, and do say something about a Crm or a database like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: maybe you've already seen shown that in the video, and it's fine, and you don't need it in your pitch. But for me, not having seen the video first.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I was sort of like, why is this valuable here, and not valuable everywhere? And why are the tools that shopify uses not doing this? And now, once you explained it, it's clear. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like your real value. Prop is you take this unstructured random texting data and replace it with a Crm that can be linked to directly in social media.
valeria brenner: Yeah.
valeria brenner: okay, I get that and then, actually, interestingly enough, like, I talk about shopify in my QA. Because that's like a common question is like, Well, why isn't shopify doing this? Why is an Instagram after it? And so I'll tackle that as well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: great.
valeria brenner: Awesome. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You guys are coming along. There is no question about it coming along.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome. I'm glad to hear that. Sorry I didn't time you to Blair yet. But we can do it after if you want run bears, snow. You're next.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Alright. Thank you.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So we're going to do the 1 min pitch first and the 1 min video for sharing the
Snow Lee / Runbear: use cases and the benefit, and 4 min Kenny for addressing the concerns and the addressing some of the market size. And our goal is making investors
Snow Lee / Runbear: excited about our progress and attraction, and then starting the conversation with them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So
Snow Lee / Runbear: look, AI Fomo is real
Snow Lee / Runbear: company. Leaders are afraid of falling behind in the generative AI scene.
Snow Lee / Runbear: They are desperate to stay competitive by utilizing Gen. AI in their workflows. But it's challenging, especially when they lack engineering resources. So they hire an AI engineers and AI consultants and spend weeks and months implementing and operating the integrations
Snow Lee / Runbear: for those industry leaders run bear is a software solution that enables them to integrate their custom. Gen. AI built on open AI or Anthropy into their daily work. Tools like slack Microsoft teams, Zendesk, and More.
Snow Lee / Runbear: In less than 10 min instead of weeks they can improve their work using Gen. AI without coding or engineering support.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Thanks to techstars, our customer base has increased from 15 to 60, including big names like Bcg, it's fourfold in less than 3 months
Snow Lee / Runbear: one customer testified that his team has been able to handle 2.5 times more tasks than before.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Let's see how Rumbert makes this possible.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 107.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, I think it's getting better every time. I remember being very confused. Now, maybe part of this is because I understand what you're doing better. I'm trying to think of how we get.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What's your opening line?
Snow Lee / Runbear: It was AI, for moon is real.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, okay. So you told me something. I know, what's your next line.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Company leaders are afraid of falling behind in the generative way I seen.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, what if we change that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to something like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. I'm trying making this up on the fly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We all know that generate. AI is changing the way the world works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What are you doing in your company
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to make sure you don't fall behind.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or I want bigger than fall behind. What are you doing in your company to make sure you don't get lost
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in the in the gold rush
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like I'm I'm looking for something that's like, Oh, shit! I better pay attention
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like your your Fomo is real is sort of nice. And bo, but I want like Punchy right.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And and I don't think my first line is punchy enough. Jennifer is change like like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a you know, generative AI is the biggest computing revolution
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: ever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What are you doing like? I'm like accusatory. Literally. I would be pointing, what are you doing
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to make sure your company doesn't get trampled in the gold rush.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, let me tell you about Runbear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are the blah blah blah blah like I want. I want you to get attention and excitement
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in there up front.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and maybe do a little bit of a clearer job explaining
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you are. So I picture you being
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the kind of integration Api layer that makes it really easy
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for you to take the existing tools that you have
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and apply AI copilots. AI
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know what the other words I'd use are. But I'm trying to think of like, what are 3 words AI co-pilots, AI writers and AI analysts
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: into your existing tools and workflow to make your business more productive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like that would be clearer explanation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and people would be, oh, holy shit, how do I do that. I want to do that like. Yes, yes, yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Literally think, here's your entire pitch. Imagine if I got it up there, I said, my entire pitch was
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: generative. AI is the largest computing revolution in the history of the world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What are you doing to make sure that your company doesn't get lost in this gold rush and trampled
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: runbare is a simple
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: integration platform that allows you to take your existing tools and processes
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and integrate AI, whether it's
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: AI co-pilots AI writers, AI analysts
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and bring your company
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: into the next generation
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that nailed it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now. You may want to put a little bit more into it, but that was like probably 30 s.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, you don't have to do 60 s. If you have a teaser that is more impactful at 30 s or 40 s, do it? You could
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: probably beg to Liliana and use the extra time in your video or in your QA. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but you don't feel like it's. This is not a book report where you have to use all 60 s.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Take from that what you like, and you don't like. I would like to see it be more punchy, more impactful. And you're having a stronger point of view.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You're too nice.
Snow Lee / Runbear: I feel that I I I can feel your energy. And I I I need to learn how to do that. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So take that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. This is recorded. Just play it on. Repeat a few times.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: definitely.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, one of the other things.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're sitting down right now, aren't you.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yes, I'm sitting down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's easier to have energy when you're standing up. I'm standing up right now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you're delivering your pitch, you're gonna deliver it on a stage standing up. You should practice standing up.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I said. This last time I will save him. Neil is like turning on his video and and thumbs up in this. I said this before, and I'll say it again. You
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: will
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: perform like you practice. So if you practice reading it quietly while you're sitting down and blah blah blah! Your default, when you go get nervous on stage, will be to do it just the way you're comfortable reading it quietly before right. But if you practice standing up and delivering and pointing, what are you doing about your company?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom! Boom! Boom! Then, when you get nervous, you're gonna default to doing it the way you've done it every time you're building muscle memory, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just have a few quick questions for the group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: does anyone here have their question bank now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not just of your QA questions, but a question bank from the questions you've been asked. Does that exist?
valeria brenner: Started, started, adding them, it's so native in America.
Lilliana Robinson: And for this week. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's good. That's a day room assignment, so they have to have it. Alright. My next question is, do you have a list of all of your recordings of your pitch somewhere in a drive or somewhere. Right? You haven't all the iterations you made of your pitch.
valeria brenner: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good. Okay, very good. And then I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think that might be it. But I just wanted to say that there's there's a bunch of stuff that we've suggested so far that I hope that you all are taking seriously, because, like Troy just said, you're at the phase now, where you should be practicing your pitch
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every single day, multiple times a day.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: As you want to deliver it. It's not good. Some people would walk around be like, and if you go to the thing, and they're like trying to memorize it as they walk like. That's no good, I mean, I guess it's better than nothing a little bit. But what you need to do is stand in front of your phone. That's recording you
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and pitch to your phone
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: with with energy and passion and emotion, and then watch it be like, Oh, God, I suck! You're gonna be your own worst critic, and then do it again better, and then watch it and then do it again. Better. That's how you get great at this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And it is standing up. I'm standing up right now like that makes a difference.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It really does.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. I wanna make sure we get to people. So let's keep rolling.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I love that. I woke up, Neil. See? Now I put him to sleep.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Only for the really pivotal moments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go, but I just wanted to check in and make sure y'all were good. But thank you for everything. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Daniel, I've got it.
Lilliana Robinson: Antonio is next. He stood up. When you talk.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Up, yes.
Lilliana Robinson: Annie! Good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: See, he's coachable.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: awesome.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay? So this pitch is, I'm gonna start with the pitch, and then the video, and then the QA. And the goal of this pitch is to deliver an emotional story of a challenge that overcame
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and our goal is to have people in the audience sign up to our Presale crowdfunding Company
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: man. Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm ready.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Right?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: One out of 3 people in this room is completely overwhelmed by stress.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and I know that really well, because I'm one of them right now.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Years back, I was stressed at high stake jobs. I was irritable, anxious, and overweight.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and I wasn't even aware of it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Eventually I got myself an apple watch to track my exercise and calorie burn, and I lost 40 pounds in 12 months.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yet it took me 8 years of experimenting different mindfulness techniques to get to a better state of mind.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: That's a big gap.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and the key to the journey was to label my emotions, name it to tame it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I'm Antonio forensic. CEO, of aware
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: aware, is a wearable that continuously tracks your emotions and provides you with actionable insights to accelerate your journey, to become a better version of yourself.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: a better parent, a better employer, a better leader.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Here's how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: 102.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, I think it's pretty good. And I think that your opening is great, especially the double Andre, about your being someone who, you know, I know, because I experience it myself. I'm you know, like you're up there. You're nervous. You have anxiety that that was great. I think there is one piece that you could do that would help connect the dots
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you talk about the apple watch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for me. So I use. You know I do count my calories on a food counter, and I have what, like all the quantified self stuff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the reason that it works for me is I get immediate feedback.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right? So normally you eat, you eat and you eat. And a week later you're like, Oh, I gained 2 pounds
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: me, I can tell you how many calories I've consumed today, and how many I have left, and I have that immediate feedback, and that will
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: cause me to alter my behavior based on the immediate feedback.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: if you have some way of communicating that quickly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that I used an apple watch
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to get immediate feedback on my caloric intake and my energy, which helped me lose 40 pounds over the first 12 months.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But it took me 8 years
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to get to the point of mental wellness.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that's because I didn't have immediate feedback.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what did I do? I built a where?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Where is the tool that gives you immediate feedback
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: on your mental state of mind allows you to change your behavior just like the apple watch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But this time it's for your mental state.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Does that make sense.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Absolutely. Yeah, thanks. Thank you, Troy. This is absolutely makes sense. So I can repeat 3 times immediately, because that's the key is like I can say, the apple watch gave me media feedback. What I was missing in that journey was the media feedback, and I to try all these different meditation. Psychotherapy had even have immediate feedback.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And now we're building that device that gives you immediate feedback. Can I repeat it 3 times like, is that okay?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Totally okay, cause that I think that's your value. Prop.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right and then, and it makes sense. And so you know, and then, if you're.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, depending on how you do it, maybe you do it in the QA. But it would be cool to tie back to that at some point and say, You know what we're on a journey to create mental wellness, so that instead of 8 months, 8 years, you can do it in 12 months, like I did with my apple watch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like, even though one was in the QA. And one was in the pitch. But they're all kind of part of the same presentation, and people remember that story when you say that it'll be really cool if you can tie back to that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in your Q. And a.
Lilliana Robinson: Dan is doing something like that, so like talk to him if you want like. He had a joke in the pitch, and then his last thing in the QA. Calls back to that.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, that's.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Juliana.
Lilliana Robinson: Dan from Web Video, who's on the call right now?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Oh, Dan, okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Hi, Dan, thanks. I'll I'll talk to you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that'll be good. I think I think you were in the right direction. But I think if you can make that parallel between why the Apple watch was so successful and just call it immediate feedback. People will understand and then tie it to. That's what we're doing differently.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Bingo! You got it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Beautiful. Thank you so much, Troy. Appreciate. It is awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Aware. Okay. W. Next is art. It looks like he's also standing up and ready.
Lilliana Robinson: Brad.
Arthur Fields: I am. I am just trying not to be too loud. So the.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, you gotta be loud, dude. This is about being loud.
Arthur Fields: Import. I'm talking about an import here over. So like all the conference rooms, have been booked. Alright. So the purpose is to get investor interest. So I'm gonna start with our verbal pitch to showcase the data, the back the problem in this with the story as well.
Arthur Fields: And then move over to the benefits by well showcasing the benefits through our demo video. And then QA. Will showcase the marketing, the market size and the cost analysis. As well.
Arthur Fields: Okay.
Arthur Fields: Iraq.
Arthur Fields: So finding a job or hiring the right person is challenging job posts like
Arthur Fields: job post sites, such as indeed, and Linkedin average about 250 applicants, but only 25% are qualified, and 75% applicants never hear back from employers. Companies take close to 2 months to hire doing any fashion process. I'm our field founder, CEO of Club Rec.
Arthur Fields: When I was leading recruiting at Doordash, our recruiting team struggled to meet hiring goals because we were overwhelmed with too many unqualified applicants, lack resources for timely interviews. Hell! We were pulling supervisors off the floor to help with free screens this lengthy time to hire frustrated candidates. It burnt out my recruiters, and of course we had angry, hiring managers.
Arthur Fields: Inspired by this experience. Club wreck was created.
Arthur Fields: We use AI to instantly score applicants for job matches and real industry experts to interview your top candidates. This mix of AI and human intelligence speeds up the process, reduces time from application to interview, and ensures only the best candidates are moving forward.
Arthur Fields: Now, I'd like to show you the demo that highlights our our platform's benefits and features and testimonial from our customer.
Lilliana Robinson: 103.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So, couple of things. One is we can cut out some time because you don't need to say features of testimonial from our customer, because they're going to see the testimonial from the customer. Right? So we can cut that out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Give, read your opening line.
Arthur Fields: Finding a job
Arthur Fields: or hiring the right person is challenging.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. Why? So yeah, I get that like, how's that? Gonna get my attention? What's your next line?
Arthur Fields: Job post sites, such as indeed and Linkedin averages 250 applicants, but only 25% are qualified, and 75% applicants are ghosted by companies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, you're kind of boring. You're you're boring me. You're boring.
Arthur Fields: Right? Okay. Alright. So my.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Point here is, I want you to have a catchy opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what about something like this? I don't know what the right words are. But the gist of it is this, what if you said something about
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I'm I'm trying to think. Give me 1 s.
Arthur Fields: You got it
Arthur Fields: with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Unemployment rates at historical lows. Companies are having trouble fulfilling open positions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And it's not because of a lack of occup. It's not because of a lack of applicants. They actually have far too many.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What the hell! They can't fire people because they got too many applicants. I'm confused. I better pay attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You see, 75% of those are unqualified. They're horrible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, and then you go into your whole thing like I Wanna, I don't know that that was quite the right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the quite the right mix. But what I want to do is give them something that they think doesn't make sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The reason it's so hard. The reason we can't fill these positions
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: isn't because we have a lack of occupants. It's because we have too many applicants.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Huh?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I got to pay attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you go into how your tool solves the problem of too many applicants, because that's really what your tool solves right?
Arthur Fields: Right?
Arthur Fields: That's correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, I mean, we've we've heard about
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know how hard it is to fill job posts, and we've heard about unemployment being
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: rates are historical lows. But like so all these data points that don't like make sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you get 45 s to explain how your tool makes sense out of all of this, and makes it better.
Arthur Fields: Like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Saying, hiring is hard like you just bored me. I know hiring is hard.
Arthur Fields: Hi.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Tell me something I don't know is my point. That's why I like opening up with something that's surprising. A big number a you know something that will
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: keep people so that they'll cause if you say 15 s of boring stuff, I'm on my phone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm like, Yeah, whatever he's saying, I gotta check these. My phone was buzzing a minute ago. Right? That's what's gonna happen.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so get have something catchy and surprising.
Arthur Fields: Okay. Okay.
Arthur Fields: Gotcha.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Friday night.
Arthur Fields: Thanks, Troy. Anything else.
Arthur Fields: What about what do you think about the combo of the story?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I love that you were the hiring manager I love that you did, hiring. I love that you were. You know you dropped in
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: last time you had a little more detail about pulling, hiring, pulling managers off of the line, and you know, taking them away from their jobs. And it felt like too much, and this time it felt right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think the rest of it felt pretty good. I would work on if you get a bigger opening, and you cut out the piece about about listen to our testimonials because it's going to be obvious. Their testimonials. I think you're going to get. I think you're going to be there.
Arthur Fields: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome.
Arthur Fields: Appreciate it. Thanks, joy.
Lilliana Robinson: Rate.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Art. So, Christy, you're next. Are you able to stand up and like tilt your screen back? We're practicing standing.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Okay, so I am standing, although I am.
Lilliana Robinson: And that's.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Lynch.
Lilliana Robinson: You're right, Jessica.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Andy.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go. Well, the background's blurred so I couldn't tell if you're sitting or not.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Yeah. Like.
Lilliana Robinson: Whenever you're ready.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Hospital. It was.
Lilliana Robinson: You join late. So let me tell you. Just tell Troy your objective for each of the 3 parts, and then your overall goal for Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: Right.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Yeah. So Troy. Our objective is really, to get connections to to the wineries and the retailers where they're at to land our next pilot, and we wanna be able to iterate that in the pitch in the video and also in the QA. The order will be
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: me, pitching first, and then our video
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and the will share the problem with a small wineries. Introduce how parenting makes wine shopping better for both the wineries and the shoppers, and then the video will highlight the shopper experience in the store and explain in more details the benefits for both the Wineries and the retailers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Colonel.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Parenting Thing provides a wine pairing software on a subscription model to help wineries sell their wines at retail stores.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Did you know small independent wineries, spent over $2,000 a month per retail account to maintain their store aisle presence.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: often working in the dark without clear insights, to whom they are selling.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: That's where parenting comes to the rescue next time you are grocery shopping you can now scan a QR code on a shelf talker or use the kiosk and know what wanting to buy for what you're having for dinner, and you may discover a wine that's new and interesting
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: in our recent pilot. We helped the founder of a startup wine business just breaking into their first retail store to attract shoppers like you and me. That would be drawn to their story and their wines, and we were able to increase sales by 20%
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: after pivoting from large enterprises like target. We're now signing a new customer in 3 weeks. Let's take a look how we're making wine, shopping, easy, helping, independent wineries and their retail partners serve you better.
Lilliana Robinson: One on one.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, hmm!
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think I understand it, and I know we've talked before. So I I get it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't feel like it was like, Oh, my God! I'm on the edge of my seat. I want to see this video. I want to see this demo. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know one of the other ways you can get people's attention is by making
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: get building anticipation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, I really wanna see like, like. So for instance, with a where I'm like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you get instant feedback on your mood like, how the hell is that going to work? I want to see that like I don't even have a mental model of what that looks like, or seems like, right? So that'll be really cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: this one was like, yeah. So it's a Saas program. It's marketing for wines. It's like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like I I want to see a stronger opening. I don't wanna so you opened with the name of your company pair. Anything is a Saas product that helps of like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know, Christy. It's kind of boring
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I thought that last time we did something
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like saying, I thought we were talking about how small wine retailers have trouble competing against the big guys because they don't have the resources. And that pair. Anything is the tool
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that they use. So if I remember correctly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and maybe you don't like that approach. That's fine. By the way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: We did like it. We're just kind of balancing also feedback from our eir. So we'll we'll we'll regroup as a team and and figure out what would make it stronger as an opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. Who's your eir for the oak? Who's doing this?
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Max.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. And he's
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Stating our one liner in the beginning, just to give people a primer of what we do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So I will be clear. There are lots of approaches to this, and I don't
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: think that mine is necessarily any better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I like to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: create interest in the problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: before I talk about the solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because if I don't understand, why do I want to hear about a solution that I don't even know what the problem is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I my approach. And, by the way, for everybody, use whatever approach works for you, whatever feels right, it's most important that it's authentic to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I like to have a problem, a hard, hitting problem
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that people can relate to and are like, Damn, what's the solution. Oh, you got a solution to that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so, you know, that's just my style. So I would probably open with either the consumer problem or the winery problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, or both
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: consumers are confused about what wine goes with, what product. We've all been there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the boutique wineries. They don't have the marketing budget to get in front of you, and just for you to even know they exist.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's hard to be in the wine business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We at pair anything make it a lot easier.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me tell you how we work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! That would be my style again. Max has a different style than I do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: totally cool. You have to find what's authentic to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Thank you so much, Troy.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I really like the way you frame that, so we'll we'll we'll balance it, and we'll get the.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, yeah, and I will not be insulted. By the way, nobody should feel like, Oh, Troy's going to be insulted if I don't take his advice. I know that if you talk to 10 people about your pitch you're going to get 20 different suggestions, and you have to pick the one that's right for you. So.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I do just wanna share one thing. I I did post a a short video because you know, we're piloting it right now that video the imagery in that vision video is essentially the most catching. I I'm almost tempted to just use real life footage because we got like inquiries from like 10 wineries already, just from watching us a short video on Linkedin.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: So I would. I want to be able to kind of incorporate that kind of connection where they could see exactly what's happening in store and be able to pull in. You know, someone who's grocery shopping, but also have empathy with a small winery start struggling in the grocery aisle.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Okay.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: thank you so much, Troy. You're good.
Lilliana Robinson: Jayla, are you ready.
Jennifer Loh: Hello!
Lilliana Robinson: Embarrassed.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We don't see you.
Jennifer Loh: Oh, my God! I look like shit because I just.
Lilliana Robinson: She has Covid.
Jennifer Loh: I'll stand up. Hold on! Let me find.
Lilliana Robinson: Just stand. But it's okay if you don't want to be on camera.
Lilliana Robinson: Taylor's been out all week with Covid, but I appreciate that you still been coming to stuff, cause it's go 10.
Jennifer Loh: I know it's go time. Here, let's see if we can do this.
Jennifer Loh: Hold on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Oh, we can do this.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we'll trust that you're standing whenever you're ready at.
Jennifer Loh: You see me.
Lilliana Robinson: Not bad. You're fine.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Jennifer Loh: I don't want to be that American tourist.
Jennifer Loh: That is the most common phrase spoken in our customer interviews, and I get it. Nobody wants to stand in lines to do the same. 3 or 4 things that everyone else is doing.
Jennifer Loh: and what they care most about is finding the hidden gems and off the beaten path travel. But there's also growing realization that tourism, the tourism industry, destroys the environment and local culture, and nobody thinks it can go on like this.
Jennifer Loh: We initially thought that these were 2 distinctly different problems to solve.
Jennifer Loh: finding hidden gems or traveling more sustainably. But as it turns out, they're actually the same problem. And the answer is a new kind of experience called regenerative travel.
Jennifer Loh: regenerative travels all about finding unique authentic experiences, the kind of perspective, altering travel that life is all about.
Jennifer Loh: and that leaves a place better than you found it.
Jennifer Loh: My name is Jennifer Lowe, CEO, and co-founder of traverse. And we are building a platform for regenerative travel. So that also bean path travelers can access unique, culturally immersive experiences that are good for people and planet.
Jennifer Loh: We actually just got back from Hawaii, where we experienced the Travirus experience ourselves, check it out.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 10.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't like that, you said Experience twice in the last.
Jennifer Loh: I know we're like trying to figure out how to like, weave that in because we go
Jennifer Loh: pitch video. QA. And like Max was like you should have like a like a real that opens up the video because it's too good, like Lisa and her husband. They're like cinematographers. So like, it's an actual, real video, even though it was like hell of scrappy. And we just like, basically
Jennifer Loh: did it ourselves, like we woke up at one in the morning and went out and did the experiences ourselves.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So let me ask a question, and I've kind of we've talked about this, but is what may my impression now? Not before. Is that what makes these experience so meaningful
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is they are not experiences where you're sitting in a boat and looking at things, or where you're they're experiences where you're actually doing and interacting and potentially helping.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Am I correct?
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, it's like, culturally or culturally immersive. So you're they're a lot more like intimate experiences.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Give me an example of one of your best experiences. That you put on.
Jennifer Loh: We have a canopy Zipline and conservation experience where basically you go ziplining with a conservationist. And like as you're zip lining over native forests. Then you're like learning about this place, learning about the native plants, the culture of the place. And then when you finish the Zipline tour, you go off the beaten path. And like, actually go and like replant native trees. And you learn about the ecosystem. But it's actually really cool. Because
Jennifer Loh: basically, this, like 300 acre native forest wouldn't exist without tourism. So like the owner of this company, basically, yeah, they built it, built the first, and then that pays for the conservation work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so that's what was missing to me from your pitch. So when you said we had these 2 things, we could we, you know the 2 different things and off the beaten path and regenerative. And we realized they were the same problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You didn't finish the thought for me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So imagine if you could say off the beaten path
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: impact, you know,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: small footprint, or however you describe it, you know, boom and say, for example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in Costa Rica
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we have a tree top zip line program, you know. Zip line should where? Yes, you zip line across. And yes, you hear about all the native species, and then you get the opportunity to go and plant native trees
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and regenerate the forest. Literally, your tourism is making the planet. Better
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like that. To me
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it's is way more impactful than all the other words you said.
Jennifer Loh: Hmm,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because I got the gist of what it is now, when you said your first, whatever minutes, 7, or whatever you said, I still didn't have a mental image. But now I've got this mental image of like, Oh, cool! I'm going to learn about this forest, and then I get to make the forest bigger by planting trees.
Jennifer Loh: right? Yeah, I think, like, because there is a lot of question around like what is what is regenerative travel. And so we tried to define that. And so I think, like being even more clear and concrete like this is exactly what you're doing. That makes the planet better, I think. But add.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Because I could. I couldn't for the longest time I couldn't get my head around. How is my traveling to a place going to make it better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. But then, you know
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it's almost like a modern day version of some of the piece Corey kind of stuff. I mean, you're probably not digging latrines and doing that kind of stuff. And but it's that sort of thing. You're going to an unusual pace. You're learning about the culture, and you're helping them make their place better.
Jennifer Loh: Right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that's a meaningful emotional experience.
Jennifer Loh: Ripe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I'd love to see you. It's sort of like we talk about show. Don't tell
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and pitches. It's of course you don't have video to.
Jennifer Loh: Physical.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Show, but you can have them paint a mental model. You can show them with your, you know, with your story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and maybe the Zip lining is a great example. Maybe you have another example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. Maybe you could rifle off a couple Zip lining through a native forest, and Costa Rica, and then planting the very trees that are native that that make it bigger. That's a be, you know
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the snorkeling in the in the Caribbean Sea, and then helping regenerate the coral that is necessary to replace all the bleach coral. We help have a positive impact on everywhere we go.
Jennifer Loh: Like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Then you don't have to explain, Jennifer. Regenerative travel. You've described it. You've you've shown it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that's more powerful than the words you use to try to describe it in your in your 1 min pitch.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, I'm gonna rework this. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think we can power through the last 2. Dan, are you standing up, Dan, from web web visio? And then, Pardo, you'll be last.
Lilliana Robinson: and then, Felipe, you just see your name in the chat, but if we have time for you, we'll try to get to you, too.
Lilliana Robinson: So 3 more, 4 min each. I'll time it.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Dan.
Dan Ponomarenko: Right so the the beach, first, video, second, and QA.
Dan Ponomarenko: So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The objective of the pitch.
Dan Ponomarenko: So objective of the pitch to show versus the market. There is a gap in communication between
Dan Ponomarenko: project stakeholders and web developers.
Dan Ponomarenko: And this problem is cost like 40 64 billion dollars, just because they spend up 50% of the time on back and forth collaboration.
Dan Ponomarenko: Alright
Dan Ponomarenko: pressure over 3 million web developers and digital managers work under the pressure of missed deadlines while working on web design projects.
Dan Ponomarenko: Most of the delays are caused by miscommunication and fragmented feedback through the multiple channels like emails, screenshots, chats.
Dan Ponomarenko: digital specialist and web developers spend up to 50% of their time on back and forth communication while working on my project. It cost industry 64 billion dollars a year worldwide
Dan Ponomarenko: with visuals streamline the development process by allow users to collaborate on live website and pages communicate directly on pages and digital assets, track progress and share visual feedback in a matter of seconds.
Dan Ponomarenko: It gives everyone clarity of what has to be done, and gets all team members on the same page.
Dan Ponomarenko: literally on the same page.
Dan Ponomarenko: I'm then CEO, of a visual, and I will show you how to. We have already helped over 1,000 companies. Take the time back and make their life better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Kay
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that was.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min, exactly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm trying to think of an opening, and I know how I would do it if you had slides. But I'm trying to think of an opening where it's like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: anxiety.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's nerve wracking to be up here speaking to all of you. But you know, what's more, nerve wracking when I was a web developer, and I had requests coming in. They were coming in on slack and on, on email and on text and on. I I was just dodging them. It was crazy
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that pressure drove me nuts.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Turns out I wasn't alone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Web developers spend over 50% of their time dealing with this asynchronous messaging that's coming from all directions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But at web visio we're going to solve all that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We put the communication in the web page where the problem is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Lilliana Robinson: What Troy just said was a lot clearer, I think, Dan, for that value. Prop. You know we were talking yesterday how it got muddled in your pitch, and you can still your pressure. He wants to use the song like under pressure, so you can still do exactly what Troy just said, and just swap the word anxiety for pressure.
Dan Ponomarenko: Okay, yeah. And it's also like my QA. Ends with the with the no pressure.
Dan Ponomarenko: You know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah.
Dan Ponomarenko: Yeah, so, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, yeah. So so press, I didn't realize you were doing under pressure. But that's fine. So pressure. So you could do the same thing with pressure, you know, under pressure. Yeah, I feel like I'm under a lot of pressure being up here in front of all of you. But it's nothing compared to what it was like when I was a web developer I had to dodge. I had like boom, boom! And I literally am picturing you like doing the superhero thing, and like dodging the various, you know as they as you say them. You know, email slack text messages, you know. You know, whatever Jira.
Dan Ponomarenko: Yeah, and and.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Have like a list of 7 or 8 that you can just rifle off. Really fast. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! It's crazy
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and like, get emotional about it. You're kind of monotone when you talk.
Dan Ponomarenko: I'm I'm very calm. I'm not like, I don't have any artistics, you know. Skills.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm an engineer. I'm very calm. I'm very, very even keeled, but I can deliver it a little bit when I need to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's not hard, you'll deliver it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright! Thanks, Super, Harold.
Jennifer Loh: Energy.
Jennifer Loh: We have had a birthday.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I have energy. I definitely have energy, but I am. I am not artistic. I have no acting skills.
Lilliana Robinson: When I hear you do these, I'm like Troy is built for this stage.
Lilliana Robinson: You missed your calling.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, I yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I can only do what's authentic, what I believe, what I hear like I couldn't.
Lilliana Robinson: Nice like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Couldn't play another character, I would be horrible with that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that, by the way, is why I keep saying to you guys, what's important is you do what's authentic to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because it will come off as so much more sincere. And if your style is calm and cool, you're gonna have to play up to that style
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? If your style is rah, ra, go get them! Play up to that style. Don't try to be something you're not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you do have to have some energy and deliver like it's going to be hard to stand out if you're just totally monotone.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of you haven't been to work on that.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Pardo, are you able to stand? Are you standing right now?
Lilliana Robinson: You've got that tech setup. So we can't tell. Okay, cool whenever you're ready.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Okay, awesome. And I did go over this with Troy earlier this morning. But I just wanna burn it into my brain at this point. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Another pass.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Alright.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: One trillion dollars a day.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: That's the total dollar value of securities traded
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: daily
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: one trillion dollars a day.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: This creates billions of data points, or even the smartest traders don't know what to do with all that data
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: at Trinium labs. We've developed tranium AI, where we take those billions of data points and help you make sense of it.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Our AI trained to perform the work of over a hundred technical indicators, the same algorithms used by the world's top hedge funds in high frequency trading made effortless for you.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: And if you have a question, just ask our AI, and it'll distill out to you whether a genuine investment opportunities presenting itself.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: or even coach you on your execution.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: We piece together the most disparate pieces of information. Others don't even know to look for
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: taking the complexity out of trading and investing, to help you season opportunities effortlessly.
Lilliana Robinson: Was 1 min flat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, I mean, I we talked about this earlier, Pardo. I think it's good, but I want to say something for everybody else. His presentation was not super hero dodging, jump up and down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but part of that is because his value prop is, we take all of this chaos
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and turn it into useful information.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We're calm. We're
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: where we have the knowledge. We have the like, the the that's part of the brand to me. That's part of the brand. That's confidence. That's so I think I think it's I think it's great, and I like your pace slow delivery. You're pausing at important points.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's great.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yeah, thank.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And they should all be different. I mean, if they all were super hero style, it would be really boring to watch 24 of those. The fact that they're each going to be different is really good for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because you will stand out by being different.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and we'll try to make the order so that it's very dynamic. And that is not just a bunch of the same like same kinds of pitches back to back.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Felipe, we have time.
Felipe - Gohaus: But right.
Lilliana Robinson: Pardon.
Felipe - Gohaus: Few minutes, pitch, video, Demo and Q&A, and looking for starting conversation with the angel investors. People related to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But what's the objective of the pitch? The pitch is 6.
Felipe - Gohaus: The beach idea is where we were and where we are going, like what we have been doing, and.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright, I'll ask you yet. So the pitch is successful. If
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: fill in the blank.
Felipe - Gohaus: Alright. So the beach is successful if I can find investors for
Felipe - Gohaus: for, like India investor, to start conversation with them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. But so Liliana may have to help me here. So overall, I know that's what you're trying to accomplish.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah, like, the pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Itself has some objective in.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Series of 3 things. The pitch is successful. If.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, is it making people understand your problem.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So the new.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah. First problem, then, how we address that problem, what we are doing with that problem.
Felipe - Gohaus: a bit of traction of what we're doing in in where we are heading on that.
Lilliana Robinson: So you want people to understand what you're doing, what the problem is, what your traction is and where you're headed all from. Just the 1 min pitch.
Felipe - Gohaus: Kind of yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's hear it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's hard. So feedback for everybody, it's much simpler if you have a single objective which each each one of the stages, the last one with QA. You can do more because you have more time. But typically it's like, I wanna peak their interest. I wanna define why this is such an important problem. I wanna like there's typically a single thing for each one. But let's we're running out of time. So let's go. Let's roll.
Felipe - Gohaus: Okay? So during my 18 years in real estate, I saw how Telco, consuming an expensive space decoration process can be for customers and companies
Felipe - Gohaus: to streamline is to streamline this process. Last year we started by seeking partnership with retailers to connect with the real-time inventories.
Felipe - Gohaus: Using AI, we automatically categorize their products into a styles, and with this we create personalized product recommendation for customers and companies. Now, spaces can be furnished. Within a week
Felipe - Gohaus: we pilot our platform with warmer chile, where over 3,000 customers so personalized product recommendation in just a few months
Felipe - Gohaus: we keep understanding from them to accelerate sales.
Felipe - Gohaus: Now, through text starts, we are demonstrating the value of our platform for the largest asset class in the world. Multifamily, companies with over 50 million short term rental units globally properties must be furnished quickly with the style, and within budget to accelerate renters and increase cash flows.
Felipe - Gohaus: I am Felipe Co. Founder and CEO of go-host. We are making decoration process simple and cheaper for people and companies. Let me show you how.
Lilliana Robinson: So that was 103. When you say Walmart, Chile, it's getting lost in your accent, Felipe. So I want you to like really practice, and unseating those 2 words, because it'll be easy for people to not hear what you're saying for that part.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Did not hear. Walmart, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: You kinda just like slurred through it. Make sure you're really enunciating those words.
Felipe - Gohaus: Or for.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What's your first opening state sentence?
Felipe - Gohaus: So it's during my 18 years in real estate I saw how tight consuming and expensive space decoration process can be for customers and companies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, what's next?
Felipe - Gohaus: So
Felipe - Gohaus: to streamline that process. Last year we started by seeking partnership with retailers to connect with the real-time inventories.
Felipe - Gohaus: Using AI, we automatically categorize their products into styles. And with this we create personalized product recommendation for customers
Felipe - Gohaus: and cost and companies. Now, spaces can be furnished within a week.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So is your cut. Who pays you? Does the retailer pay you, or does the cut consumer pay you.
Felipe - Gohaus: The retailer pays us today.
Felipe - Gohaus: hey?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: How big is home furnishings is a worldwide market.
Felipe - Gohaus: 500 billion Us dollar.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and how many
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 100 billion Us. Dollars? Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I want. I I want, I'm trying to come up with a more exciting opening. I don't have it yet, but let me give you my thought process.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Imagine if you said 500 billion dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that's how much is spent on home furnishing each year. Yeah, people find it difficult
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to just make those decisions. And and this and and to furnish their homes. Worse is people who have is companies that have multi family residential units, where they have to furnish the homes in order to make them appealing and rent them. People of Airbnb's, and have to furnish them, make them appealing to rent them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We make the process easy
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: by partnering with retailers who share their inventory with us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Our AI engine figures out what's in stock? What? Appealed, what you know, what goes with, what the matching, however, use those words and makes the process of furnishing these
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: these homes at scale as simple as clicking a button and accepting a delivery.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you can literally furnish an entire apartment building of 300 units in just a week.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The best part is that the retailer pays for it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but the Re, the retailer pays for it because they want to make sure that their products are being represented. We have partnerships with Walmart based in Chile
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 3,000 apartments. I don't know whatever you said. Boom! Boom! Boom! We're changing the way
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the vast majority
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or the majority of multifamily tenants are gonna get
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: multi family apartments are, gonna get
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: get furnished.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We're making it that simple.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. It's just an attempt.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm sure you have to hop. Try. I know we're 2 min over.
Lilliana Robinson: so thank you so much for sticking after Felipe. If you want to have extra help. We can talk later. But thank you so much. We got through everybody. This was great. I'll see you tomorrow for the next group, Troy. Thanks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Great. Alright. See you all good luck. You're all doing, really well, it's coming along nicely.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. See? Yeah.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Well.
Alejandra Guillen: Thank you. Everyone. Bye.